README Update (#55)
NVIDIA/nim-anywhere: docs/_SUMMARY.md

> Please join #cdd-nim-anywhere slack channel if you are a internal user, open an issue if you are external for any question and feedback.

Reviewer: It would be better to have all of this in the actual document before the quick start and leave the summary very short. That way, the diagram stays close to the top. Up to you

One of the primary benefit of using AI for Enterprises is their ability to work with and learn from their internal data. Retrieval-Augmented Generation ([RAG](https://blogs.nvidia.com/blog/what-is-retrieval-augmented-generation/)) is one of the best ways to do so. NVIDIA has developed a set of micro-services called [NIM micro-service](https://docs.nvidia.com/nim/large-language-models/latest/introduction.html) to help our partners and customers build effective RAG pipeline with ease. 

NIM Anywhere contains all the tooling required to start integrating NIMs. It natively scales out to full-sized labs and up to production environments. This is great news for building a RAG architecture and easily adding NIMs as needed. If you're unfamiliar with RAG, it dynamically retrieves relevant
external information during inference without modifying the model
itself. Imagine you're the tech lead of a company with a local database containing confidential, up-to-date information. You don’t want OpenAI to access your data, but you need the model to understand it to answer questions accurately. The solution is to connect your language model to the database and feed them with the information. 

> To learn more about why RAG is an excellent solution for boosting the accuracy and reliability of your generative AI models, [click me](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/enhancing-rag-applications-with-nvidia-nim/). Another technique other than RAG is fine-tuning, an overview of this can be seen [here](https://www.ibm.com/topics/fine-tuning).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To learn more about why RAG is an excellent solution for boosting the accuracy and reliability of your generative AI models, [read this blog](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/enhancing-rag-applications-with-nvidia-nim/). Another technique other than RAG is fine-tuning, an overview of this can be seen [here](https://www.ibm.com/topics/fine-tuning).
```
